add the unsupported note to `require_secure_transport` (#15034)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md

[^11]: The variable is read-only on TiDB Serverless.

[^12]: Customizing cache size using [`AUTO_ID_CACHE`](/auto-increment.md#cache-size-control) is temporarily unavailable on TiDB Serverless.

> [^13]: Not supported. Enabling it for TiDB Dedicated clusters will result in SQL client connection failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^13]: Not supported. Enabling `require_secure_transport` for TiDB Dedicated clusters will result in SQL client connection failures.
```
